Updating and expansion of README documentation for PBJ. (#412)
hashgraph/pbj: pbj-core/pbj-runtime/README.md

# Codec Interfaces
These are the interfaces that are implemented by the generated code to provide the serialization and deserialization. 
There is a base `Codec` interface and two sub-interfaces `ProtobufCodec` and `JsonCodec`. The `ProtobufCodec` is used
for protobuf binary encoding and decoding and the `JsonCodec` is used for JSON encoding and decoding. The `Codec` 
interface is used by the `PBJ` library to provide a unified API for encoding and decoding.

# JsonTools, ProtobufParserTools and ProtoWriterTools
These are utility classes that provide some common functionality for the generated code. They also provide a low level 
API for manually encoding and decoding protobuf messages.

# PBJ Data IO Library `com.hedera.pbj.runtime.io`

As well as protobuf code generation, PBJ also provides a data IO library that provides an alternative to the default
java.io & java.nio libraries. The PBJ Data IO library has some key design decisions, of which some are alternatives
to the standard Java IO libraries:
* The starting point was to provide an API that could unify Streams and Buffers. So a single parser could work on

>   either a InputStream or a ByteBuffer. This was needed as we have both uses cases in the Hedera Node project and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  either a InputStream or a ByteBuffer. This was needed as we have both uses cases in the Hiero Consensus Node project and
```
